fix: ADIR page warning change (#762)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/pilots-corner/a32nx-briefing/flight-deck/ovhd/adirs.md

!!! warning ""

>     Please note: It should say "ADR" rather than "ADIR". This will be fixed in a future update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please note: Currently the ADIRS are labeled ADIR 1, 3 and 2 which is incorrect. The labels should say "ADR" rather than "ADIR". This will be fixed in a future update.
```

Can't start an admonition note with "It" -- subject should be defined or the admonition labeled. Suggestion for defining the subject above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Please note: Currently, the ADIRS are labeled ADIR 1, 3 and 2, which is incorrect. The labels should say "ADR" rather than "ADIR". This will be fixed in a future update.
```
Punctuation correction to vals proposal.

Author: The 1-3-2 are correct. "Currently, the ADIRS are labeled ADIR 1, 3 and 2, which is incorrect." this should be removed, 1-3-2 IS CORRECT.
